The F-Spot is a responsive and user-friendly website designed to provide an exceptional online shopping experience. It features a variety of functionalities, including product listings, a registration form, a favorites section, and a cart with checkout capabilities. The website is built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, ensuring compatibility across multiple devices and browsers.

Features
Home Page: Introduction to the website with a slider showcasing featured products.
Product Listings: Display of products with options to add to favorites and cart.
Favorites: A section to view and manage favorite products.
Cart: A detailed view of products added to the cart with a checkout form.
Registration Form: User registration with validation.
Responsive Design: Ensures compatibility across various devices and screen sizes.
Project Structure
bash
Copy code
Class-6/
│
├── index.html           # Home page
├── products.html        # Products listing page
├── favorites.html       # Favorites page
├── cart.html            # Cart and checkout page
├── about.html           # About Us page
├── style.css            # Stylesheet for all pages
├── script.js            # JavaScript file for all pages
└── README.md            # This file

How to Run the Project Locally

Prerequisites
A modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.)
A text editor or IDE (e.g., VS Code, Sublime Text) for making any changes
Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript

Steps to Run
Clone the Repository

Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:

sh

Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/Class-6.git

Or download the ZIP file from the repository and extract it to your preferred location.

Navigate to the Project Directory

Open the terminal (or command prompt) and navigate to the project directory:

sh
Copy code
cd Class-6
Open the index.html File

Use your web browser to open the index.html file. You can do this by right-clicking the file and selecting "Open with" and then choosing your browser, or you can drag and drop the file into your browser window.

